F.U_FRP Tool
Overview
The FRP Tool is a Python-based utility designed for automated control of FRP (Factory Reset Protection) and modem mode configuration on compatible Android devices. This tool is particularly useful for managing Samsung Galaxy and MediaTek devices, enabling them to switch to modem mode, establish ADB connections, and perform FRP bypasses with ease.

Features
Automated Modem Mode Switching: Detects compatible devices (Samsung Galaxy, MediaTek MT6765V) and switches them to modem mode.
Enable ADB Mode: Quickly enables ADB (Android Debug Bridge) on connected devices.
Device Connection Management: Waits for the device connection to stabilize before running bypass processes.
FRP Bypass: Automates the FRP bypass process, allowing you to regain access to locked devices.
Real-Time Status and Error Handling: Provides real-time feedback on each step, with clear error messages in case of issues.
Prerequisites
Operating System: Linux (Debian-based distributions recommended).
Python Version: Python 3.6 or higher.
Device Requirements:
Supported Devices: Samsung Galaxy devices and MediaTek devices with MT6765V chipset.
USB Debugging enabled on Android device.
Installation
Clone the Repository

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/frp-tool.git
cd frp-tool
Install Required Python Packages

Install the required libraries using pip:

bash
Copy code
pip install pyusb
Install ADB

Install Android Debug Bridge (ADB) on your system if not already installed:

bash
Copy code
sudo apt update
sudo apt install android-tools-adb
Project Structure
plaintext
Copy code
/your_project/
├── main.py              # Main script to coordinate FRP bypass and modem mode switching
├── usbswitcher.py       # USB management script to handle device switching to modem mode
├── at_utils.py          # Utility functions for enabling ADB
├── adb_utils.py         # Utility functions for waiting for device and FRP bypass
└── frp_tool.bin         # Any necessary FRP tool binary
Explanation of Key Files
main.py: The core script that orchestrates the entire FRP process, including modem switching, enabling ADB, and running the FRP bypass.
usbswitcher.py: Contains functions to detect and configure Samsung and MediaTek devices into modem mode by managing USB configurations.
Usage
To use the FRP Tool, connect your device via USB and run the following command:

bash
Copy code
sudo python3 main.py
Main Features and Workflow
Modem Mode Switching:

main.py begins by calling the modem mode switch function in usbswitcher.py.
Compatible devices (Samsung Galaxy, MediaTek MT6765V) are detected, and if not already in modem mode, the tool configures them accordingly.
Enable ADB:

After modem mode is set, the tool enables ADB mode on the device. This is necessary for further communication.
Wait for Device:

The tool waits until a stable connection with the device is established via ADB, ensuring that all subsequent operations are successful.
Run FRP Bypass:

Finally, main.py calls the FRP bypass function, allowing users to bypass FRP locks on supported devices.
Real-Time Feedback and Error Handling
Status Updates: The tool outputs real-time status updates in the terminal, indicating the current step (e.g., "Switching to Modem Mode", "Waiting for Device").
Error Handling: Each operation is wrapped with error handling; if a function fails, an error message is displayed in the terminal with troubleshooting guidance.
Troubleshooting
No Compatible Device Found:

Make sure your device is properly connected and recognized by the system.
Confirm that USB debugging is enabled on the device.
ADB Not Recognized:

Verify that ADB is installed and accessible by running adb devices in the terminal.
Permissions Issue:

If you encounter permission errors, make sure to run the tool with sudo to allow access to USB and ADB functions.
Modem Mode Switching Issues:

If the device does not switch to modem mode, unplug it and try again.
Some devices may require multiple attempts; the tool includes a retry mechanism to handle such cases.
Example Terminal Output
plaintext
Copy code
$ sudo python3 main.py
Status: Switching device to modem mode...
Status: Device in modem mode
Status: Enabling ADB...
Status: ADB Enabled
Status: Waiting for device connection...
Status: Device connected
Status: Running FRP bypass...
Status: FRP bypass complete
Process complete. Check your device for changes.
Future Enhancements
Here are potential enhancements for future versions of the FRP Tool:

Expanded Device Compatibility:

Extend support for additional MediaTek and Qualcomm devices.
User Interface:

Add a graphical user interface (GUI) for users who prefer visual controls over terminal commands.
Multi-Device Management:

Allow the tool to handle multiple connected devices simultaneously.
Cross-Platform Support:

Add support for Windows and macOS platforms, with necessary adjustments for USB and ADB handling.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Contributing
Contributions to expand functionality or improve device compatibility are welcome! Please submit issues or pull requests as needed.



